---
layout: post
title: Project 32
date: 2020-02-22 18:02 -0500
lang: en_US
categories: [personal]
---

Freewriting.

I'll be 32 this year. As of today, that's 143 days away. That's just over 20 weeks (or 10 two-week "sprints"). What can I accomplish in these next 20 weeks?

**Can I lose some weight?** 

Sure. I want to be at most 185 lb, which is about 10 lb away--or half a lb a week.

**Can I build strength?**

Sure. How much stronger would I be if I did squats, pushups and curls almost every day for 20 weeks (140 days)? I don't know.

**Can I change my habits?**

Sure. 

I started a list of all of my goals for *Project 32*. 

**Should I do them ASAP?**

Sure. 

**Will I wait until last minute, though?**

Maybe. I really hope not.

--

Every year, I tell myself "this year will be different, it will be better" and I'm always right! -- just not exactly in the ways I plan.

I wanted age 30 to mark the day I started to "get in shape" and "be healthier" -- I did alright. I lost 30 lb, stopped eating junk food, and I drink filtered water now. But is that enough? I honestly imagined myself running, climbing, power lifting and going to the gym pretty regularly. None of that happened. Like so many, I pay for a gym membership I never use.

My career is alright. I need to transition the team such that I am leading or managing the processes or projects, not just implementing subpar ideas that others have voted on, for various reasons, the least of which seems to be engineering.

I am using the next few months, coming up on my 32nd birthday, as a way to get warm up for being 32. What will I do? 

Well, for starters, I have some real estate goals to hit, so I think I'll prioritize that. I also have a community to build, so I'll prioritize that, too...

I think the 2020s are going to be great. Not just to me, but to everyone. You won't want to miss it.

Here's to 32.